Upgrade to Terraform 0.12. Add health_check parameter. (#12)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-lb-internal: docs/upgrading_to_lb_internal_v2.0.md

# Upgrading to Load Balancer Internal v2.0 (from v1.X)

The v2.0 release of Load Balancer Internal is a backwards incompatible release. The string `health_port` and boolean `http_health_check` arguments were replaced with the new object type parameter called `health_check`

## Migration Instructions

### Health Port and HTTP Health Check Arguments Changes

Version 1.X of Load Balancer Internal used the required `health_port` string variable defining a port to perform health checks on and an optional `http_health_check` boolean variable to set whether the health checks should be performed via HTTP or TCP

```hcl
module "gce-ilb" {
  source            = "GoogleCloudPlatform/lb-internal/google"
  version           = "~> 1.0"
  region            = "${var.region}"
  name              = "group2-ilb"
  ports             = ["80"]
  health_port       = "80"
  http_health_check = "true"
  source_tags       = ["allow-group1"]
  target_tags       = ["allow-group2", "allow-group3"]
  backends          = [
    { group = "${module.mig2.instance_group}", description = "" },
    { group = "${module.mig3.instance_group}", description = "" },
  ]
}
```

> Version 2.X of Project Factory uses the new parameter named `health_check`:

Reviewer: Module name correction.

```suggestion
Version 2.X of Load Balancer Internal uses the new parameter named `health_check`:
```
